"# lab-0-nanomer" 
# arduino-lab-1-team_7
1) a. Embedded systems needs a setup to hold instructions for initialization (such as setting LED_BUILTIN to an output rather than input) and other things that need to be declared or defined before being used in the actual code. They need a loop to contain what we want to be done and because we typically want our device to run continuously while its power is on. Without the loop, everything will just be run once and our device will not do anything afterwards.
   b. Our code needs to be compiled so that the compiler can check for errors in our code that the compiler and machine will not understand as well as translate the code we write in a higher level langage to assembly and then machine code. 
   c. As I decreased the frequency the LED started flickering rather than pulsing in and out. Since I decreased the frequency this caused an increase in period resulting in longer delays between the on and off times of the LED. This makes the on/off change more obvious to the naked eye, creating a flickering effect rather than breathing. This can be easily fixed by increasing the frequency back to normal. When people get dimmable LEDs the main issue they run into is try to pair LEDs with an old dimming system (using a varying resistor or phase cutting to reduce voltage) that isn't compatible with the new light bulbs or needing to produce constant current or fix cheap/broken components that may mess with other parts of the system. For health reasons, LEDs are designed to flicker above 20 Hz but the actual frequency depends of the designer as certain people are more sensitive to flickering than others.
